@bluesatch They did train monkey...why do you think you're doing it?  
Just got my driver's licence!  Car is waitin' 
Booking train tickets for #smex09 Early start on Monday morning, but looking forward to it 
Off to buy a gas barbeQ.  The sun is actually out in Glasgow.  Beers and burgers in garden tonight.  Roll on the weekend.
I forgot how relaxing it is to ride the bus to work. 
On the train with tic-tacs 
id take a pic but i dont wanna get stabed by this gentalman  o how i love the #12 vp bus!
Hi @westleyl  @ejblackburn @adean I'm on the train on the way down, could make it by 19:00 (Last tweet due to TweetDeck stupidity) 
@lynseyjayne im gona go anyway incase i can convince them to run adv bus man  yeah next thurs, i think their all the same? lol
Wow there are some kind people left... Woman just gave me a free bus ticket  for no apparent reason apart from &quot;I have a megarider&quot; ))
@analoguepilot I will be drinking heavily when it's on absolutely anywhere BGT isn't. Supposedly I should have a parcel waiting at home 
Hmmm I need a break the train needs to move now I'm tired but I'm up in spirits 2day will go however I choose so I'm choosing the + way 
Signing my new contract on the bus...even got a signing bonus...well kind of 
@virginradio96  Your station is the best! Just wanna let you know  
I am a woman of many talents. Putting on my IT hat today at work and upgrading our server and my boss's hard drive. Yeah, you want me 
driving to New Carrollton, catching the orange line metro train, and eventually seeing RENT this evening in DC! 
just got myself some more cafeine n now waiting for train to head downtown  then going home n knocking the fuckout n sleepong *Shootin ...
On the train back to NYC  @isthather says Connecticut makes her feel like she's in Canada. Best part is... She's never been to CANADA! LOL
@johnco Now there's a station who could do with a local imaging producer, eh? 
5 wet kids, a packed train out of London and the need of a beer garden! Loving the day 
@Paplace08 I'm actually staying in Soho!  But yea, I definitely want to see little Italy 
@charmoon the last train accident in this country only happened today so I feel safe 
Pit stop at the outlet stores 
Picking up Krys at the bus station in about 4 hours  !
@ivypayne may just get me 2 do the the full LB Marathon   4 mths is plenty of time to train.
has metro station stuck in head 
k. We're in the train. Heading back to Jersey. 
This girl was about to sit next to me on the bus, but we made eye contact right before she did, so she got up and moved to another seat. 
Waitin 4 the bus..on a windy early evening.. Is the IPhone comin'..? Who knows 
on the train to chicago   http://is.gd/JeD1
Actually loves the feeling when youre on the bus and wind is going way too fast on your face, and the bus stops and its like woo 
On the double decker bus... In the very front.  &lt;3 Courtney
on the bus with my boys 
@Jonasbrothers June 13th is gonna be the best day of my life  thks for coming to Spain, you mean so much to me, u don't have an idea! &lt;3
@afrobella I have a Stevie Wonder station too! Never fails me 
@brandicastle yeah, we do! I'm just now back to work &amp; not 100%. but i will be on-air, right?  sinus infection/stomach virus
On the bus, going out, beware lawthorn we are hyper! 
Is just getting of the train in Rochester ... Nice wk end planned  x
Got my driver's license renewed &amp; it's another good picture! My last one is still my favorite but everything beats my red face Cali one! 
the jeepney trip was surprisingly calming. maybe because of the drizzle and the faceless passengers. liked the driver's music mix too. 
waiting for my beautiful taxi driver  then hittin the streets and chill out with some friends. power to the people!
Off @ 530... Melting pot &amp;&amp; train depot 2nite! Not comin back to cway till sunday! 
@Xx_Freya_xX you're cool cool cool yeah, you're cool when you see an angel  we need to make up actions on the bus? 
just got back home from the bus  haah today was a semi-good day 
Feel lonely on the bus without Dreamy Guy. He's gone home with his mummy! So cute! 
I was just thinking about this. How was your run? Hot? We will take the train tonight 5:45 or 6:12 depending on what time u get here. 
i have the web cam ready!! if yhu have aim &amp; have a web cam/ micro phone or niether um..u still can come!! 
Tune in next time for #Followfriday same time, same station  making my way slowly, but surely
@2NiteBoy yaaay... I'm just gonna take the train 
Meep! What a great day. :] i'm sleeping on the bus ride home . 
Finished at the station and heading home for some pooltime with the girls... No more work until Sunday!!!! 
@MrJackO Well there is a train BEAR that travels.....'THE POLAR EXPRESS'!!! ha ha!! 
Came up with some fun ideas for promo banners for the shop on the bus today! Into Illustrator I go. 
@__alicia You could get me Anthonys hair  Yeah ok, i know he's not going to be there tomorrow, but his hair is AMAZING!  Im not obsessed
Just been to see Drag Me To Hell with Courtney.. that was fun. So was blutoothing people on buses on the way back 
ugh I have a migrane! me and xandy ran to the train so we could get to it before 7.. 7 is when our passes expire were cheap 
i'm gonna leave for the follies show. i can't wait to see my little buddies perform. 
Oh, awkward loud conversations on the bus. How amusing you are. 
molllllllllllly's houseee.  hannah montana movie at 8:10. then shell station laterr.
@nloughery Hi nancy! Spooky I just spotted and replied the email you sent from the train! 
@that70sgrl @that70sgrl @laurapasik @ddrdiva awesome and so true!  thank u! I refuse 2 train ppl 24/7 bc I burn-out...(con't)
On the train to the convention centrefor my WestJet profit share cheque. 
@jeffarchuleta thank you so much for making yesterday the best day of my entire life  your son is amazing &amp; ill see youu soon 
Witnessed a man save his wife from being hit by bus. If I was him.. I would have pushed her.. Ahahahah. I kiiiidddd 
@Prettyfacepinky Everyone looks like that on the bus. Be glad that you don't fit in with the public transportation scene 
&quot;just a small town girl living in a lonely world gunna  take the midnight train goin anywhere&quot; 
@hotforwords That's why you're supposed to have a driver 
Just realized I'd been passionately lip-sync-ing to music on my iPhone. I imagine there are some creeped-out people on the bus right now 
At a has station, has a huge finger crotchet scarf 
http://twitpic.com/68cs6 - Me, Erin, Erica, and Cassidy on the bus to Baltimore 
My Firstt Tweet on the Whole Twitterr train. 
@jackieinchgo Less time than it took to train Jim is my guess. 
Jr boy is the master driver!  he's been driving for 6 hrs already!! And we're almost there!! O_o Jr Boy is the Best.
@Robinnnnnnnn haha that's weird. so you guys thought is was our car?  lol joel isn't that bad a driver 
Baking a thomas the train cake 
@oxEmalieexo: Yeah! Ronnie was a awesome crazy bus driver ;D And then just looked pretty and sang good the rest of the vid.Being Ronnie 
@megsruggles pretty, tho, if clear!  I would imagine the buses r better considering the happy preponderance of crunchy peeps up there! ;)
Long bus ride ahead - at least itz A/Ced - to East Coast - Cyclingg! 
@johncmayer Dont Stop THAT train  
waiting at home for a bunch of friends to come and talk about CS while we drink 
@heidiheartshugs so not even &quot;I Kissed a Girl&quot; would convince you to join the train? 
on train home from tafe 
@blcsfo On trains  That was the original topic! ;)
God what an amazing night. Goodnight world. I love you.....but not as much as I love @ZulyB 
@Kimmy_Kobert f train uptown from Brooklyn to east broadway. It's a stop on the train. I live two blocks from there. No book for u bro 
We are in the bus and leaving now.excited again 
man the kick it don't stop at On the Rocks to tha HILL, twiches!!!!!!! damn i love my peeps  . dang we  kick it!
@dannygokey soon you will have your own tour bus and this will be a problem of the past. 
@rikerjoe Make-or-break time for space station research http://tr.im/mSfn Comments? 
@PaulSpeers Something about that trip sounded awfully dicey. Ever heard Chris de Burgh Spanish train? 
Operation make a film went quite successfully, had a blast!  Taking the city loop train home now.
@mattymcg Full service design would call for a driver service to take you home 
is going to watch Angels &amp; Demons... ok i know i'm a little behind but... (quoted from Bey 
washing my car at KeenWash station, the amazing waterless wash and wax service  http://www.keenwash.com
On the bus to glasgow  its cold since someone has window open but its a really nice day!
@lynseyholm oh i'm not up to too much-- just work mostly, i work at a CBS News station in the Dallas Metroplex-- its pretty fun 
is on the train 
okay, here we go to see Star Trek for the second time!  (hey every little bit counts to getting us a sequel, no?)
@RealBillBailey if you train the squirrle to skateboard then i will vote for it 
5 hour bus ride with 21 cheerleaders. 4 am 
its a really nice day today  theres no cloudss. getting ready then going to get the train. im hungry. hmm.
@tomlambe haha I might text them. Get a bus up here  x
@pariahcherubim metro station! haha that's my alarm tone. 
@fatmumslim Maybe the driver is busy getting botox! If you owned the car would u want 2 b seen driving it???   Pple r so judgemental!
My train to Berlin is starting in about an hour, I should hurry a bit and switch off the computer  #bizzin3d
Lol on bus with the missus! 
Having to catch a bus today, but it's ok th sun is shunning and I am listening to Guns &amp; Roses Paradise City on my iPod 
@bubblegarm thanks hunni,just had fun unwrapping all his pressies,sushi2night - yum!! We might go on the steam train today hehe  x
1 of d bus. developers at WebOnyx has reached out to me &amp; wants me to test/give feedback on the new KM/E2.0 product they dev. with AT&amp;T! 
@radiodisco oh night fever, one of bee gee's songs that i love after how deep is your love 
Current favourite thing: hearing Spanish train announcer guy say &quot;Tarragona&quot;. Mmmm 
Agenda tmrw: brekky w Elle, meet everyone &amp; catch 12:19 train to Melb, chill &amp; see GFC v EFC - GO CATS! .. come home .. etc  xxxx
Waiting for the bus home after by 2 tickets to see the dualers in july 
At the bus stop, listening to JB  When I changed into my shorts on the park last night, I'm sure I put my bus pass in my bag :S It's lost.
